What is CSS ?
CSS stands for cascading style sheet, it's a language that is used in hand by hand
with HTML to style the content structured using him (HTML).

So the purpose of the CSS is to style content structured by html, so we have to get ride
of any style we made using HTML.

There are three ways to write and use css in an HTML page :
- The first one is Inline css, where we put css properties on an style attribute directly on
the html element.
- Embedded css, where we write our css rules inside a style html element inside the head element
of our page
- And finaly external css, where css rules are defined inside an other separated files in .css format
and we import it inside our HTML file using the "link" html element which took two parameters : rel, and
href which is the relative path to our css files (or the external path both work).

A css rule has three parts : the selector, the property and the value of that property.
We can write how much property we want inside our rules, we only need to separate them
by a semi-colon.

CSS comments are use to write indication for the developper, they aren't interpreted by the 
browser as instruction.

HTML tag has what we call inheritance style, for example if we define a color property for
an html element, his child will inherit that property as well as long as we didn't redefine
that property on the child.

WORKING WITH TEXT

font-family : The font family property is used to define a font that the HTML element will
use for his text. Basically fonts are defined two ways, by font-name and by font-category
. There are three categories of font : serif, sans-serif, and monospace, and around 7 web
safe fonts.

font-size : font size is used to define the font police size, it takes as value length values
such as px, em, cm, mm, ex etc.

font-style : That property can take as value, italic, oblique and normal.

font-weight : That property can be used by weight name such as : lighter, normal, bold, bolder
or numerical values from 100 to 900, where 400 is normal and 700 is bold, 100 lighter and 900 bolder.

font-variant : it can takes as value normal or small-caps

color : is used to define an html color for his font text, it can take hexadecimal string value,
rgb, and rgba value and hsl, and hsla (hue, saturation, and light)

Hue is in degree where 0 degree(360 degree) stand for red, 120 for green, and 240 for blue.
saturation and light are in percentage

- left, center, right, justify

- Vertical align : that property work different ways depending on the html element it's apply on
on a table cell it can take three values : top, middle, bottom

and on other elements, it can take these values : baseline, sub, super, or length value(or percentage)

to make top middle bottom work with div elements we have to, make use display : inline-table, and display : table-cell to make it works

- text-decoration : none, inherit, underline, line-through, overline

- text-indent : specify how much space should be left in the beginning of a text;


















